Updates to content and images for validation tab (#2988)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/patterns/form-patterns/partials/validation/validation.md

> Form validation ensures that fields are correctly formatted, required fields are not empty, and the data being submitted matches the requirements for the application. A successful validation strategy relies on three key concepts:

Reviewer: It's the actual input within the fields that needs to be correctly formatted, so I think the above suggestion makes that a bit clearer.

> 1. **Clear language:** The validation message should be human-readable and easy to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Clear language:** The error message should be human-readable and easy to understand.
```

> 2. **Placement:** The validation message should be displayed as soon as possible after the error occurred.

Reviewer: The explanations for these two seem to be switched:

Placement: The validation message should be displayed as soon as possible after the error occurred.
Timing: The validation message should be noticeable and located where the error occurred.

> 2. **Placement:** The validation message should be displayed as soon as possible after the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Placement:** Error messages should be noticeable and display in close proximity to where the error was triggered.
```

> 1. **Clear language** The validation message should be human readable and easy to understand.
> 2. **Placement** The validation message should be displayed as soon as possible to when the error occurred.
> 3. **Timing** The validation message should be noticeable and located where the error occurred.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Clear language:** The validation message should be human-readable and easy to understand.
2. **Placement:** The validation message should be displayed as soon as possible after the error occurred.
3. **Timing:** The validation message should be noticeable and located where the error occurred.
```

> 3. **Timing:** The validation message should be noticeable and located where the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Timing:** The validation message should display as soon as possible after an error occurs.
```

!!! Warning

While we provide the structure and visual consistency for validation, the messaging and functionality need to be implemented by the product teams.
!!!

## Clear validation language

Error messages should clearly, but briefly communicate the issue for each impacted input. Using plain language to state the problem and suggested solution helps reduce friction when users are resolving errors in their inputs. 

> ![Example of credit card information form with invalid expiration date](/assets/patterns/form-patterns/form-pattern-validation-error-message-example.png)

Reviewer: There's extra whitespace included at the bottom of the example image causing extra space between the image and the following text. Could this be trimmed?

<img width="894" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c95e8498-0121-44e8-b4eb-31625e971c07" />

> ## Validation types

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] Include something to tie it back to the second point in the summary section

```suggestion
## Placement by validation type
```

The location and styling of error messages may impact the cognitive load on the user. Carefully consider which type of validation would be most appropriate for a form based on:

- The complexity of the data being collected
- The number of inputs in the form and the length of time expected for a user to complete the form
- Whether interrupting the user’s flow to prompt them to fix errors will cause undue friction
- What patterns for errors are used elsewhere in the platform that the user may be expecting

### Field-level validation

> The best time to inform a user of an input error is as soon as it’s detected. For [**client-side validation**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation), inline validation at the **field level** informs the user of an error where and when it happens. Inline validation allows users to correct errors without waiting until the data is submitted. For example, a user creating a password will need to know what requirements haven’t been met when seeing the error message. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The best time to inform a user of an input error is as soon as it’s detected. Using inline [client-side validation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation) at the **field level** informs the user of an error where and when it happens. Inline validation enables users to correct errors without waiting until the data is submitted. For example, a user creating a password will need to know what requirements haven’t been met when seeing the error message. 
```

!!!

### Form-level validation

> Form-level validation should be used for server-side errors that cannot be checked before data submission or requires additional checks after data submission. This error type should appear at the top of the form and use a Critical Inline [Alert](/components/alert). Using an Alert makes the message a focal point for users to see what occurred during the submission to result in an error. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Form-level validation should be used for server-side errors that cannot be checked before data submission or that require additional checks after data submission. This error type should appear at the top of the form and use a Critical Inline [Alert](/components/alert). Using an Alert makes the message a focal point so users can easily see what error(s) occurred during the submission. 
```

> For form-level validation that identifies multiple input-level errors, the alert should contain a message listing **all** errors with links to each invalid field. We recommend using an introductory sentence to give context before listing the errored items, e.g., “Please correct the following errors and resubmit the form”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For form-level validation that identifies multiple input-level errors, the alert should contain a message listing **all** errors with links to each invalid field. We recommend using an introductory sentence to give context before listing the items, e.g., “Please correct the following errors and resubmit the form.”
```

!!! Do

Use form-level validation for overarching form submission errors or for a list of server-side validation errors that link to their respective errored fields.

![Sign in page with authentication error alert at the form level](/assets/patterns/form-patterns/do-form-level-error.png)

!!!

!!! Dont

Never use form-level alerts for  field-specific, inline validations. 

![Credit card info form with a single field-level error and duplicative form-level alert](/assets/patterns/form-patterns/dont-form-level-error.png) 

!!!

> ### Combining inline and form-level validation

Reviewer 2: To match the language above

```suggestion
### Combining field and form-level validation
```

We recommend always using inline validation to provide immediate feedback, but for complex forms that require both client-side and server-side checks, a combined approach is best. 

> ![Form with multiple field-level errors and a form-level alert with jump links to each](/assets/patterns/form-patterns/dont-form-level-error.png)

Reviewer: This is the image from the "Don't" example. Do we have an example image showing what consumers should do when displaying both inline and form-level error messages together?

Author: Thanks for catching this! I updated the image path

> ![Form with multiple field-level errors and a form-level alert with jump links to each](assets/patterns/form-patterns/dont-form-level-error.png)

Reviewer 2: It looks like this image is broken

Author: This is fixed now

## Timing validation messages

### Validation on focus change

Client-side validation occurs when a user leaves the field via an [onblur](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/blur_event) event. This immediate feedback communicates errors as they happen.

> Because this method minimizes interruption, use it **whenever possible** so users can resolve errors while still in the context of the form. This can limit the amount of context switching necessary to complete the form successfully and reduce the cognitive load on the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because this method minimizes interruption, use it whenever possible so users can resolve errors while still in the context of the form. This can limit the amount of context switching necessary to complete the form successfully and reduce the cognitive load on the user.
```

<video controls loop width="100%">
  <source src="/assets/patterns/form-patterns/validation-on-focus-change.mp4" />
</video>

### Validation on submission

> Validating a form on submission can occur on the client or server-side and can be used to display errors after the form has been submitted. This method can manifest in many use cases, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validating a form on submission can occur on the client or server-side and can be used to display errors after the form has been submitted. This method can applied to in many use cases, including:
```

### Delayed validation

> Delayed validation occurs on the client side and refers to validating the field after a lapse in keystrokes or a specific interval of time, e.g., `500ms` or 0.5 seconds. Once the user has stopped input into the field or after the interval of time has expired, the field is validated without an `onblur` event occurring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Delayed validation occurs on the client-side and refers to validating the field after a lapse in keystrokes or a specific interval of time, e.g., `500ms` or 0.5 seconds. Once the user has stopped typing into the field or after the interval of time has expired, the field is validated without an `onblur` event occurring.
```

Reviewer 3: When referring to events that happen on the client, "client side" and "client-side" have somewhat different grammatical uses.

```suggestion
Delayed validation occurs client-side and refers to validating the field after a lapse in keystrokes or a specific interval of time, e.g., `500ms` or 0.5 seconds. Once the user has typing into the field or after the interval of time has expired, the field is validated without an `onblur` event occurring.
```
